#summary Pluggable Authentication Module which allow to login using NFC targets.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =
== Stable version ==
*pam_nfc* stable version can be downloaded at *Downloads* section.
As usual, you will have to extract, compile and install pam_nfc to use it.

Actual pam_nfc 0.1.0 version run on top of libnfc 1.3.x version.

== Develoment version ==
*pam_nfc* development version depends on development version of *libnfc*, so you need to fetch, compile and install it.

To build *pam_nfc*, you have to checkout sources:
{{{
svn checkout http://nfc-tools.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/pam_nfc
cd pam_nfc
}}}

Before compile it, remember to run 
{{{
autoreconf -vis
}}}

= Compilation =
Once fetched, you can now compile *pam_nfc* using usual autotools way:

== Under GNU/Linux based system ==
{{{
./configure --prefix=/usr --sysconfdir=/etc --with-pam-dir=/lib/security
make
sudo make install
}}}

== Under `*`BSD based system ==
{{{
./configure --with-pam-dir=/usr/local/lib CFLAGS="-I/usr/local/include" LDFLAGS="-L/usr/local/lib"
gmake
sudo gmake install
}}}

= Setup =
Now, *pam_nfc* is installed in your system but you need to setup PAM files to allow the use of *pam_nfc*.
This configuration depends on your needs but usually *pam_nfc* is used to be able to system login using a tag.
You just need to add this line:
{{{
auth         sufficient pam_nfc.so
}}}
in the right place like: `/etc/pam.d/login` or `/etc/pam.d/kdm`.

= Usage =

== Enroll user ==
To use *pam_nfc*, you need to associate users and tags. To do that, simply put the wanted tag and launch:
{{{
pam-nfc-add <user>
}}}
This tool will "enroll" tag with corresponding user.